welcome back to red brook farm in
scarborough maine its extraction day and
it is watch your shadow please it's a
distraction it's extraction day we've
been harvesting honey and one of the
frames that i have here from the center
of one of the supers has a whole mess of
drone brood what you're looking at here
are drone brood and if you look careful
but you can actually see as the bees are
actually emerging from these capped
cells this is day 24 obviously in the
life cycle of the drone brood these are
drones these are males they have no
stingers and as you can see they come
out headfirst and then they start
crawling around and what they're doing
now and they're crawling around is
getting warm and they're getting some
food they are eating some of the honey
that is on this same frame what happened
was they laid a drone brood in here and
when they did it they must have done it
24 days ago and the bees that are out
here on this frame right now the bees
that are on the frame moving around
we're not here you know an hour ago
they've all been hatching and you can
see them actually eating their way out
their first job is to eat their way out
of the frame and then what they do is
they eat their way out of the frame out
of the cell and it's kind of an
interesting shot here you know right in
there
very interesting shot drones on their
first in their first hours of life these
bees have no stinger
so and on the other side the same thing
what you'll see here is three or four of
them they're all cutting their way out
this is day 24
if I left this out in the open the
honeybees from the colonies would come
and take away all of the nectar there's
nectar in here once these are all
hatched out Thrones on unfortunately for
the male bee here in September they
start to get kicked out of the hive
they're not allowed to stay because they
don't forage all they do is eat and are
available for fertilizing Queens and
this time of year the the hive usually
takes them and kicks them out there's
another installment from red brook farm
and scab remain